Update pricing to match MAU (#838)
MicrosoftDocs/appcenter-docs: docs/auth/index.md

## Pricing

> App Center Auth is a free service, but you pay for [Azure AD B2C authentications](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/active-directory-b2c/). The first 50,000 active monthly users are free. An authentication is defined as a token issued either in response to a sign-in request initiated by a user, or initiated by an application on behalf of a user (e.g. token refresh, where the refresh interval is configurable). It is free to store authenticated users in the Azure AD B2C tenant. If you turn on **Multi-Factor Authentication**, you will be charged at a flat fee of $0.03 per authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App Center Auth is a free service, but you pay for [Azure AD B2C authentications](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/active-directory-b2c/). The first 50,000 monthly active users (MAU) are free. A MAU is counted when a unique user authenticates within a given calendar month. It is free to store authenticated users in the Azure AD B2C tenant. If you turn on **Multi-Factor Authentication**, you will be charged at a flat fee of $0.03 per authentication.
```

Reviewer: Cc: @amchew
